
  For which strength stood out the most to you? I think the one that was very relevant to me was the wisdom and the faith. I think it has really big part in my day-to-day life.


  I'm actually surprised that I'm leaning towards some strengths that I didn't know that I had in some situations and I feel like it appears more in my day-to-day activities.


  This for the fourth section, this activity made me reflect on why learning matters to me actually. And I found that wisdom and faith give me a lot of sense of direction, how to me stay motivated even when things get tough and rough. It also reinforced my beliefs that knowledge isn't just about passing exams. But you will be growing as a person and making a positive impact in yourself and into your environment and others.


  For the first question, what have you learned about your personal strengths through the copopt activity? I think I learned a lot of things about me like trying to different personalities and I can see myself through them while reading the description and I think I can relate to them more.


  For the sixth question, this activity actually brought out different emotions. One of them are curiosity, because when discovering new insights and excitement, when seeing how my strengths fit into learning and occasional frustrations, and I went through all my struggles and I had some self-perception, and I felt like most engaged when reflecting on real-life situations. So my strengths had helped me in expected ways and how it acted in that situation.


  For the fifth question, one challenge I faced was self-doubt actually. When tackling complex topics, I responded by reminding myself of my strengths actually. So wisdom helped me break things down logically and faith reassured me that I could figure it out. And I learned that persistence and the self-belief are key to overcoming obstacles eventually. Yes.


  So for the next section, using stumps and learning, this activity helped me see my strands as powerful tools in education. And also I noticed that my ability to emphasize and understand different perspectives helped me grasp the concepts deeply. Also when I have like when I'm faced with challenges, I feel like my faith and my ability to handle the situation with some emotional intelligence will guide me to stay calm and find eventually the solution.


  For the seventh question, I think that this experience showed me that well, stress is part of growth. And how you handle this situation in stress moment, it makes all the difference. So when you sit back now and you see through what you had been going through, you can see it as a learning opportunity rather than a failure. And my, actually, my emotional intelligence, as I will be referring to what I had my strength in the activity, my emotional intelligence, I think, helps me regulate stress and also faith, allows me to keep a positive outlook, even if it's a tough moment.


  For the eighth question, the biggest lesson I will take forward is that strengths are not just qualities we possess, but tools we can actively use. Like I plan to apply my wisdom and empathy and problem solving and decision making, whether in also like the educational, teamwork, or even personal growth.


  For the ninth question, I've noticed that I can be quite critical of myself, especially when things do not go as planned. So like this activity helped me realize that self-compassion will be important to me for resilience. I'm learning to speak to myself the same kindness and encouragement that I offer to others. So I will be the friend of myself, the other being harsh to myself, which helps me handle challenges with the balanced mindset.

  So my biggest takeaway from this activity is that I discovered what are my true strengths. I feel like I have grew and evolved as time passes. And it actually made me confident about these abilities and skills. I can say confidently, like I'm a faithful person and I love equality and I'm motivated and I'm encouraged to developing them. If I had to summarize this experience in one sentence, I'd say understanding my strengths has given me the clarity and confidence to approach learning. And I can see that life, I will learn life with a great sense of purpose and balance.

